subs2
to provide additional
or interpretive
information to individuals
who wish to access it.
Captions are necessary so
the deaf and hard of hearing
can access the audio portion
of video presentations.
In this video, we'll see how
to add captions to a video.
Hey everyone.
I'm Bob Bailey,
and in this video
you'll learn how to add captions
to a video using the Media
module.
Let's start by
looking at an example.
Notice as the video plays
I can click the CC button
and select a language.
This video is configured
with both English and Spanish
captions.
To add captions
to a video you'll
need caption files for each
language you want to support.
The Brightcove player
supports WebVTT, SRT, DFXP,
and SCC formats.
Once you have caption files,
the text track property
for the video needs to be set
to the caption file location.
So how do we get caption
files for our videos.
You really have a
couple of options.
You can use a Brightcove partner
to generate the caption files
or you can create the
caption files yourself.
In this video, we'll
look at both options.
Using a Brightcove
partner is the easiest way
to add captions to videos.
For all of our Video
Cloud training videos,
we use our partner 3Play Media
to generate the caption files.
If I log into my
3Play Media account.
I can see a list of all my Video
Cloud videos inside my account.
To integrate 3Play Media
with my Video Cloud account,
I've set up a linked account.
And then provided some
Video Cloud credentials
which allow 3Play Media to
access my Video Cloud videos.
This allows them to
pull videos directly
from my Video Cloud
account without me having
to upload videos to them.
Once they have my video,
they generate the captions
and then set the text track
properties for the video
using the Video Cloud CMS API.
I'm going to go back
to the Media module
and select a video that was
processed using 3Play Media.
If I go look at the
text track properties,
I can see this video
has English captions.
If I look at the text
track properties.
You can see the caption file
is being hosted by 3Play Media.
By using a partner that provides
integration with Video Cloud
all I have to do is indicate
which videos I want captions
for and they create the
captions file and set
the text track property for
the video automatically.
Now let's look at
another option.
In this case I'll assume that
someone used a third party
software package to generate
the caption files for me,
and what I need to do is go in
and manually configure the text
track properties myself.
For this example, we're going
to add English and Spanish
captions to a video.
Notice I have two caption files.
Remember, you need to
have a separate captions
file for each language
you want to support.
If we look at one of
the caption files.
You can see it has time
markings in the text to be
displayed during that time.
Now that we have caption files.
We can set the text tracks
property for the video.
I'll go back to
the Media module,
open my video properties,
and edit the text tracks.
You have a couple
of options here.
You can select file upload
and browse for a caption file
on your local file system.
You can select URL upload,
to upload a caption file that
exists out on a
publicly addressable URL
or select remote URL and specify
a location to a remote caption
file.
With the first two
options, Video Cloud
will be hosting
the caption file.
The last option assumes you
have the caption file hosted
at a publicly addressable URL.
I'm going to select file upload
and then browse and select
the English caption file.
I'll enter the language code
for the file, which is en.
The label is what will appear in
the player to allow the viewer
to select his language.
I'll add English.
Finally I'll set the
kind to captions.
The default option is used to
indicate the default track.
Note the default setting should
only be set for one language.
When I'm done I'll
click add text track.
Let me go ahead and add the
Spanish captions as well.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Now the text tracks
will not appear here
until the processing
has finished.
I'll just update
the page and you
could see the texture
properties have been set.
Let's test this to make sure
the captions are working.
I'll publish the video and
then click on the player URL.
I'll play the video.
And if I hover
over the CC button,
I can see I have both
English and Spanish captions.